
# Setup a new instance of Tenbeo Auth manually

**Dependencies**

- Git 
- Node v18+ and npm

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Because the admin is secured with **Tenbeo Login**, you will also need the **Tenbeo Mobile App** installed, an **Alive Core Device**, and your **Tenbeo Public Key** to log in production. It will not be required in localhost while testing.

### 1. Clone repository

First of all, clone the latest application version from its repository.

- `git clone https://github.com/Tenbeo/Tenbeo-Auth.git tenbeo-auth-instance`
- `cd tenbeo-auth-instance`

### 2. Install dependencies

- `npm i`

### 3. Configure

Copy `.env.default` to `.env`.

#### For localhost
To test on localhost, keep the `.env` as is.

#### For production
The only line to change is `TENBEO_AUTH_PINGBACK_URL`, set the domain name where the auth instance will be deployed ( ex : "https://tenbeo-auth.mycorp.com" ), include protocol, no trailing slash. Other settings are ready for production.

> [!WARNING]
> This middleware should be deployed with `https` to allow **cross-site session cookies** to be installed. See [how to deploy](./01c.setup-deploy.md) for more info about deployment.

### 5. Build

To check it on localhost
- `npm run preview`

To build client and server for production
- `npm run build`

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Note that **Tenbeo Login** will not work on localhost and you will not be able to log into the admin panel with the **Tenbeo Mobile App**.

> [!NOTE]
> On localhost, your admin panel should be available on http://localhost:3000/admin
> Follow [those instructions login](./02a.tenbeo-admin.md).

### 6. Deploy

To deploy your **Tenbeo Auth Instance**, setup a new CI / CD pipeline associated to your cloned repository.
[More info here to deploy on a VPS with docker and GitHub](./01c.setup-deploy.md).

