
# Customize application

If tweaking the envs to create your **Tenbeo Auth Instance** is not enough, you can modify the source code and deploy the modified version.

### The stack

**Tenbeo Auth** is based on :
- **Fastify** and **Drizzle ORM** on the backend
- **Preact** and **LESS** with **CSS-Modules** for the front-end
- **Typscript**
- The database is a static **sqlite** file.
- Back and front are compiled with **esbuild**, with watch enabled.

### Clone

The best way is to fork the [official Tenbeo Auth repository](https://github.com/Tenbeo/Tenbeo-Auth.git) and clone this fork locally.

> Do not forget to **merge back from us regularly** and when **critical security patches** are out.

1. Fork in private
2. Clone locally
3. `npm i`
5. `npm run dev`
6. Your should see the Tenbeo QR on http://localhost:3000/admin

### Get into admin in localhost

To pass login locally ( **Tenbeo Mobile App** cannot validate QR-Code on localhost ). Open `data/auth.db` with any SQLite editor, go to the **session table**. You should have a pending session, set `user_id` to 1 and `status` to `VALIDATED`.
Go back to your browser and you should be logged in.

### Drizzle and database

Be careful when doing changes to `schema.db.ts`. Almost any changes will need a database migration.
To update data structure, stop your dev server, then `npm run database-generate`.
When re-starting your dev server, the database will be migrated by the node server.
It works the same in production, when pushing your update, the server will try to migrate when restarting.
Note that a copy of the database is made before each migration to avoid data loss.

Any pull-request to the original repository from your fork will need to have working migrations.

### More

[Contact us](mailto:contact@tenbeo.ai) for more info or for a custom instance on demand. 